we have found a witch but we burn
you know she is a witch that'll wake up
dr. which a bit you're just as one they
dress me up like this one will what we
did do the nose the nose and the Hat
which is a witch just got a wart what
makes you think she's a witch well she
turn me into a newt a newt
I got better
there are ways of telling whether she is
a witch
tell me what did you with witches and
what you burn apart from which is all
which aids good
so why do witches burn
cuz I'm ready good good so how do we
tell whether she is made of wood though
to preach out over ah but can you not
also make bridges out of stone
oh yeah it does a wood sink in water
oh it floats it's lower into the bowl
what also floats in water braid apples
oh very small rocks cider a great gravy
Terry's not a church's Church late led a
duck
exactly
- logically if she weighs the same as a
duck she's made of wort and therefore
used by larger scales
we move
who you who are so wise in the ways of
science I am Arthur king of the Britons
my liege good tonight will you come with
me to Camelot and join us at the round
table my liege I would be honored what
is your name
forgive him and each then I dub you Sir
Bellamy a knight of the round table the
wise sir bedivere was the first to join
King Arthur's knights but